
The temporal expansion of human working memory is being conceived as one major path of the performance plethora of cognitive tasks such as memorizing, prompted or unpromped recognition and symbol manipulation, amongst other. A previous study reported that proficiency in mindfulness may expand the working memory as manifested by a subjective longer experience of the present moment. The present study replicates and further scrutinizes this finding with a sample of $n=143$ young working professionals mostly without strong meditation or mindfulness background. Precisely, each participant was instructed to watch a bistabile image, the Necker Cube, a wireframe cube, and to indicate the moment when this bistabile image "flips" from one perception to the other. The flip rate has been associated with working memory and attentional capacity. Each participant underwent two conditions. First, it was asked to "hold" the present perception of the Necker Cube as long as possible. Second, and in contrast to the previous study, participants were asked to "flip" the perception as often as possible. In addition, we used a more rigorous stastistical setup implementing multilevel Bayes regression. In sum, the results show some evidence that mindfulness training may be associated with higher attentional control. That is, mindfulness practitioners could both reduce and increase the flip rate when asked to compared to lay persons. Based on the research design, no strong conclusions on causal pathways can be deducted. The sample may have lacked experienced meditators which could possibly influenced the results. 